docs: rearrange docs structure and prepare for future outline (#2051)
namehash/ensnode: docs/ensnode.io/src/content/docs/docs/build-with-ens/integrations/enskit.mdx

---

> title: enskit (React)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: enskit
```

> description: React toolkit for ENS with useOmnigraphQuery and providers.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: React toolkit for ENSv2 development, includes fully typed providers for the ENS Omnigraph API.
```

---

:::caution[Coming Soon]

> We're actively working on this page right now. Check back next week for full content!

Reviewer: @sevenzing Thanks for adding this "Coming Soon" notices to many of the pages.

We need to make a change to all of these "Coming Soon" notices.

Please note the bigger context: All our work is going to be under review effectively *right now* by the SPP3 committee even though SPP2 Q4 isn't completed yet. Very frustrating, I know. But it is what it is.

We therefore need to push maximum hard and fast to get these docs in a reasonable place for the SPP3 committee to understand the value of the work we completed in SPP2 Q4.

When the SPP3 committee reads something like "Check back next week for full content!" they won't know how long ago we wrote that. Maybe we wrote it months ago? Therefore we should give more absolute dates and timelines in these "Coming Soon" notices.

We should specifically say "Check back by May 18th for full content!" across all of these notices.

Unfortunately we cannot wait any longer than May 18th to ship these docs updates.

Really appreciate your leadership to push this through! 💪 🫡 Thank you! 🚀

:::

> This page will cover enskit — the React toolkit for ENS. Includes useOmnigraphQuery hook, setup with providers, and working examples from the enskit-react-example app.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This page will cover enskit — the React toolkit for ENSv2 development. Includes fully typed providers for the ENS Omnigraph API (such as the useOmnigraphQuery hook), and working examples from the enskit-react-example app.
```
